README.md, before:

# DFU Library

### Device Firmware Update (DFU)

The nRF5x Series chips are flash-based SoCs, and as such they represent the most flexible solution available. A key feature of the nRF5x Series and their associated software architecture
and S-Series SoftDevices is the possibility for Over-The-Air Device Firmware Upgrade (OTA-DFU). See Figure 1. OTA-DFU allows firmware upgrades to be issued and downloaded to products 
in the field via the cloud and so enables OEMs to fix bugs and introduce new features to products that are already out on the market. 
This brings added security and flexibility to product development when using the nRF5x Series SoCs.

![Device Firmware Update](resources/dfu.png)

This repository contains a tested library for iOS 8+ platform which may be used to perform Device Firmware Update on the nRF5x device using an iPhone or an iPad.

DFU library has been designed to make it very easy to include these devices into your application. It is compatible with all Bootloader/DFU versions.

[![Alt text for your video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/LdY2m_bZTgE/0.jpg)](http://youtu.be/LdY2m_bZTgE)

### Documentation

See the [documentation](documentation) for more information.

### Requirements

The library is compatible with nRF51 and nRF52 devices with S-Series Soft Device and the DFU Bootloader flashed on. 

### DFU History

* **SDK 4.3.0** - First version of DFU over Bluetooth Smart. DFU supports Application update.
* **SDK 6.0.0** - DFU Bootloader supports Soft Device and Bootloader update. As the updated Bootloader may be dependent on the new Soft Device, those two may be sent and installed together.
* **SDK 6.1.0** - Buttonless update support for non-bonded devices.
* **SDK 7.0.0** - The extended init packet is required. The init packet contains additional validation information: device type and revision, application version, compatible Soft Devices and the firmware CRC.
* **SDK 8.0.0** - The bond information may be preserved after an application update. The new application, when first started, will send the Service Change indication to the phone to refresh the services.
    - Buttonless update support for bonded devices - sharing the LTK between an app and the bootloader.

Check platform folders for mode details about compatibility for each library.

### Resources

- [DFU Introduction](http://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/com.nordic.infocenter.sdk5.v11.0.0/examples_ble_dfu.html?cp=4_0_0_4_2_1 "BLE Bootloader/DFU")
- [How to create init packet](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-Master-Control-Panel/tree/master/init%20packet%20handling "Init packet handling")
- [nRF51 Development Kit (DK)](http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/nRF51-DK "nRF51 DK") (compatible with Arduino Uno Revision 3)
- [nRF52 Development Kit (DK)](http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/Bluetooth-Smart-Bluetooth-low-energy/nRF52-DK "nRF52 DK") (compatible with Arduino Uno Revision 3)

Commit message:

Added deprecation warning to README.md

README.md, after:

# Deprecation warning!

## In order to be able to fully maintain quality of our products, this repository of our DFU Library is in the process of being deprecated, we recommend using the new one instead, [found here](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/IOS-Pods-DFU-Library) which fully supports the latest version of Xcode and Swift 3.0, easily integratable with Cocoapods or Carthage.

## We have decided to deprecate this library to avoid the confusion of having to juggle between two different versions of the library, and to streamline our products in a more controlled predictable manner.

### Thanks for your constant support, feedback and contributions that made this library happen.

---

# DFU Library

### Device Firmware Update (DFU)

The nRF5x Series chips are flash-based SoCs, and as such they represent the most flexible solution available. A key feature of the nRF5x Series and their associated software architecture
and S-Series SoftDevices is the possibility for Over-The-Air Device Firmware Upgrade (OTA-DFU). See Figure 1. OTA-DFU allows firmware upgrades to be issued and downloaded to products 
in the field via the cloud and so enables OEMs to fix bugs and introduce new features to products that are already out on the market. 
This brings added security and flexibility to product development when using the nRF5x Series SoCs.

![Device Firmware Update](resources/dfu.png)

This repository contains a tested library for iOS 8+ platform which may be used to perform Device Firmware Update on the nRF5x device using an iPhone or an iPad.

DFU library has been designed to make it very easy to include these devices into your application. It is compatible with all Bootloader/DFU versions.

[![Alt text for your video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/LdY2m_bZTgE/0.jpg)](http://youtu.be/LdY2m_bZTgE)

### Documentation

See the [documentation](documentation) for more information.

### Requirements

The library is compatible with nRF51 and nRF52 devices with S-Series Soft Device and the DFU Bootloader flashed on. 

### DFU History

* **SDK 4.3.0** - First version of DFU over Bluetooth Smart. DFU supports Application update.
* **SDK 6.0.0** - DFU Bootloader supports Soft Device and Bootloader update. As the updated Bootloader may be dependent on the new Soft Device, those two may be sent and installed together.
* **SDK 6.1.0** - Buttonless update support for non-bonded devices.
* **SDK 7.0.0** - The extended init packet is required. The init packet contains additional validation information: device type and revision, application version, compatible Soft Devices and the firmware CRC.
* **SDK 8.0.0** - The bond information may be preserved after an application update. The new application, when first started, will send the Service Change indication to the phone to refresh the services.
    - Buttonless update support for bonded devices - sharing the LTK between an app and the bootloader.

Check platform folders for mode details about compatibility for each library.

### Resources

- [DFU Introduction](http://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/com.nordic.infocenter.sdk5.v11.0.0/examples_ble_dfu.html?cp=4_0_0_4_2_1 "BLE Bootloader/DFU")
- [How to create init packet](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-Master-Control-Panel/tree/master/init%20packet%20handling "Init packet handling")
- [nRF51 Development Kit (DK)](http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/nRF51-DK "nRF51 DK") (compatible with Arduino Uno Revision 3)
- [nRF52 Development Kit (DK)](http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/Bluetooth-Smart-Bluetooth-low-energy/nRF52-DK "nRF52 DK") (compatible with Arduino Uno Revision 3)
